hello everybody and welcome to some
survival games on map number four and
today I can show you my chest root and
it's pretty good I think
and that was a good start so if there's
no one there I go there but there's
someone there so I don't so then I got
here and oh yeah and in here and no I
have to be quick going here I hope you
find a weapon which I did put on some
army I got and now I need to go up here
all the way to the top and there's a
tattoo just right Lucy I'll lasso good
stuff
and not just look at my arm I'm pretty
badass already and well always been well
just been a minute or so yeah and now I
have two options I can either go down
into this building and get one test per
floor or I can go another place but
they're just gonna kill this guy first
oh that's yeah that's bad okay no might
so well if I don't get the chest in
there well if I'd yeah decide not to
because they're all tear one I go up
there yeah guess so up someone has
already got that but I could easily kill
them
right now but I kind of know that guy so
I want yeah and now I go here and this
is usually taken yeah and over here
there's just usually taken to its right
yeah and that's my chest right no it's
just killing his little oh hello you
guys kind of kill me out oh yeah okay so
I guess I didn't know yeah actually
oh come on
oh so you're running your little coward
wasn't a kid enough at all let's see
so only me and you and I gotta kill you
a little bit a little black oh no I just
want to do that that's too risky
or maybe not
Oh No Oh No come on oh no you didn't you
didn't you didn't Oh fuck's sake and
yeah that's my chest wrists it didn't go
bad get but and there's my chest hurts